Although he is plain-looking
But he can subdue the Adventure Envoy in a few words
Facing the Zhao family is also neither humble nor arrogant
It's bloody
Besides, I've already called him husband in public
Miss Fan mistook me for a hooligan
Only willing to marry me
It's all a misunderstanding
Now the misunderstanding is cleared up.
I can't afford Miss Fan, hehe
Before the misunderstanding is solved
Please return me something first.
As the first female Valkyrie of Great Xia
Keep your word
Now that you've taken off my veil
It doesn't matter who you are
Miss Ben is married
Uh Xiao Yan
Fan Ruoli
You both have been tested
Since you can obtain the protection of the Dragon God Jade
It shows that you are the most virtuous and good that I have been searching for for many years
Man boy come
Shenlong Jade is handed over to you.
It starts today.
You are the new owner of the Dragon King Palace
Supreme Dragon King
I am you
I'll give you another nine-turn Dafan Dan.
After taking this medicine
You and rice live together
Guarantee your magic power in three days